How did the challenge go for you?
Maybe your solution looked something like this.
Here, we have the quote sentence being broken up into an array,
and then passed into the printWord function.
The printWord function, uses the array and
an external index number to print out the correct word every one second.
If we run this code,
you can see that we start getting every word of the sentence, every one second.
We finish by calling console log on
the reference and clearing the interval that we've saved in this variable.
But there's something not quite right about this solution.
It works, it prints everything that we needed it to.
But the index is a global variable.
We've learned that global variables aren't
the best thing to start putting into our programs.
The question is, can we re-factor this so that index is not a global variable?
Here is a better solution to challenge to.
I've moved index out of the global scope and into a printWordClosure.
If we run this program,
you can see that we get the same result as before,
except that now index is safely encapsulated in a function.
What's happening is that the printWordClosure sets
the index value and then returns the same function we were using before.
So here in the set interval,
we call printWord closure,
it returns a function,
and what takes its place is the same function that we used in the previous example,
so that that function is still getting called every one second.